W 11815997 rpa builder workbench cv (#84)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-builder/6.0/modules/ROOT/pages/workbench-toolbar-overview.adoc

= Workbench Toolbar Overview

Next to the the Workbench tab bar is the Workbench toolbar, which enables you to perform different actions related to the Workflow and its elements.

image::workbench-toolbar.png[The Workbench Toolbar, 75%, 75%]

Some of these actions apply to the selected objects in the Workflow. The unavailable functions are grayed out depending on which Workflow object is selected.

> The following is a list of the available buttons in the Workbench Toolbar and their corresponding action:

Reviewer: Suggestion The Workbench Toolbar contains the following buttons:

* (image:arrow-up.png[The Move selected object up icon, 2%, 2%]) <<move-up-down, Move selected object up>>
* (image:arrow-down.png[The Move selected object down icon, 2%, 2%]) <<move-up-down, Move selected object down>>
* (image:delete-icon-alt.png[The Delete selected object icon, 2%, 2%]) <<delete, Delete selected object(s)>>
* (image:run-wizard-icon.png[The Run wizard for selected object icon, 2%, 2%]) <<start-wizard, Run wizard for selected object>>
* (image:quick-creation-icon.png[The Start Quick Creation Mode icon, 2%, 2%]) <<start-quick-creation, Start Quick Creation Mode>>
* (image:validate-icon.png[The Validate Workflow icon, 2%, 2%]) <<validate, Validate Workflow>>
* (image:play-icon.png[The Run Workflow icon, 2%, 2%]) <<run-workflow, Run Workflow>>
* (image:debug-icon.png[The Debug Workflow icon, 2%, 2%]) <<debug-workflow, Debug Workflow>>
* (image:print-icon.png[The Print icon, 2%, 2%]) <<print-workflow, Print>>
* (image:wrench-icon.png[The Tools icon, 2%, 2%]) <<tools, Tools>>

In addition to the Workbench Toolbar, you can find the <<search, Search>> bar at the end of the Workbench:

image:search-bar.png[The Search bar, 40%, 40%]

[[copy-paste]]

> == Copy and Paste Workflow Object(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Copy and Paste Workflow Objects
```

> Pressing *Copy* (image:copy-icon.png[The copy icon, 2%, 2%]) copies the selected Workflow object(s) and all its underlying elements into the clipboard. Select the target object and press *Paste* (image:paste-icon.png[The paste icon, 2%, 2%]) to paste it. You can also use _Ctrl + C_ for copying and _Ctrl + V_ for pasting.

Reviewer: Pressing > Clicking

> Pressing *Copy* (image:copy-icon.png[The copy icon, 2%, 2%]) copies the selected Workflow object(s) and all its underlying elements into the clipboard. Select the target object and press *Paste* (image:paste-icon.png[The paste icon, 2%, 2%]) to paste it. You can also use _Ctrl + C_ for copying and _Ctrl + V_ for pasting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking *Copy* (image:copy-icon.png[The copy icon, 2%, 2%]) copies the selected Workflow objects and their underlying elements to the clipboard. Select the target object and click *Paste* (image:paste-icon.png[The paste icon, 2%, 2%]) to paste it. You can also use _Ctrl + C_ for copying and _Ctrl + V_ for pasting.
```

Reviewer: We don't use (s). Using s by itself covers single and plural. Here is the blurb from the style guide:

"(s)"
Don't add (s) or (es) to a singular noun to indicate that it can be singular or plural.

In general, use plural, but be guided by meaning:

Before
To add row(s) or column(s) to a table….

After 
To add rows or columns to a table....

If it's important to indicate both, use "one or more."

[[undo-redo]]
== Undo and Redo Previous Action

> The *Undo* button (image:arrow-rotate-left-icon.png[The copy icon, 2%, 2%]) enables you to undo any previous action you carried out in RPA Builder. If you accidently went back too far, use the *Redo* button (image:arrow-rotate-right-icon.png[The copy icon, 2%, 2%]) to get back to the desired action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Undo* button (image:arrow-rotate-left-icon.png[The copy icon, 2%, 2%]) enables you to undo any previous action you carried out in RPA Builder. If you accidentally went back too far, use the *Redo* button (image:arrow-rotate-right-icon.png[The copy icon, 2%, 2%]) to get back to the desired action.
```

Using _Ctrl + Z_ for undo and _Ctrl + Y_ for redo also works.

[[move-up-down]]
== Change the Order of Workflow Objects
To change the order of objects, select the object and move it up or down in the Workflow by clicking *Move up* (image:arrow-up.png[The Move selected object up icon, 2%, 2%]) or *Move down* (image:arrow-down.png[The Move selected object down icon, 2%, 2%]) until the object reaches the desired position.

> Action Steps cannot be moved outside of their Transaction. If you want to move an Action Step to another Transaction, use copy and paste instead, and then delete the old one. You can also use _Ctrl + X_ or the *Cut* option from the context menu to remove the Action Step from the Workflow and put it into the clipboard in one step.

Reviewer 2: Add additional hint about using Drag & Drop as an alternative way to change the order of objects.

[[delete]]
== Delete Workflow Objects

> To delete an object, select it and click *Delete* (image:delete-icon-alt.png[The Delete selected object icon, 2%, 2%]). Pressing the _Del_ key has the same effect.

Reviewer: I guess the RPA docs use "Press" and not "Click" for a key. I will stop marking them.

[[start-wizard]]
== Starting the Configuration Wizard of a Workflow Object

To configure a Workflow object with the wizard, select it and then click *Wizard* (image:run-wizard-icon.png[The Run wizard for selected object icon, 2%, 2%]). This process works for single Action Steps as well as for complete Transactions. You can also double-click a Workflow object to start its wizard.

[[start-quick-creation]]
== Start Quick Creation Mode

Use this function to speed up the initial Workflow creation. When you start a new Workflow project from scratch, click *Start Quick Creation Mode* (image:quick-creation-icon.png[The Start Quick Creation Mode icon, 2%, 2%]) to open the Quick Creation Mode interface.

image:quick-creation-mode.png[The quick creation mode window, 30%, 30%]

> Depending on the state and position your Workflow project is in, Quick Creation Mode provides the Workflow objects that you can use. For every object you insert, the wizard automatically starts so you can configure the different steps without ever losing focus on the actual application you want to measure. You can also insert any possible object at any position later on.

Reviewer 2: "..... you want to measure"  => "...you want to automate"

If, for example, you want to add a Window wait Action Step in front of an Image search in a Transaction you have already created, place the blue position indicator where you want to add the Action Step and then click Window wait. You can position the objects with the blue arrow buttons or by clicking on the desired position directly.

The blue arrow buttons also enable you to collapse or expand the selected Workflows, Transactions, or Control Blocks to optimize the graphical representation of your Workflow.

> If the Quick Creation Mode interface is blocking parts of the application you need to use in the Workflow, click *Switch Monitor Side* (image:switch-monitor-side-icon.png[The Switch Monitor Side icon, 2%, 2%]) and the interface switches from the right to the left side of the screen and vice versa. After you finish creating the Workflow, close Quick Creation Mode by clicking *Exit Quick Creation Mode* (image:exit-quick-creation-mode.png[The Exit Quick Creation Mode icon, 2%, 2%]). After you exit Quick Creation Mode, the standard RPA Builder GUI shows again including the Workflow you just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Quick Creation Mode interface is blocking parts of the application you need to use in the Workflow, click *Switch Monitor Side* (image:switch-monitor-side-icon.png[The Switch Monitor Side icon, 2%, 2%]) and the interface switches from the right to the left side of the screen and vice versa. After you finish creating the Workflow, close Quick Creation Mode by clicking *Exit Quick Creation Mode* (image:exit-quick-creation-mode.png[The Exit Quick Creation Mode icon, 2%, 2%]). After you exit Quick Creation Mode, the standard RPA Builder GUI shows again, including the Workflow you just created.
```

[[validate]]
== Validate Workflow

> To check if a Workflow is ready for script generation, press *Validation* (image:validate-icon.png[The Validate Workflow icon, 2%, 2%]). If the project contains Workflow objects that are not yet configured or wrongly configured, errors, RPA Builder shows warnings or general messages as a list in the Validation result window. Double-click an entry in this list to navigate to the corresponding Workflow object.

Reviewer: If the project contains Workflow objects that are not yet configured or wrongly configured and other errors, RPA Builder shows warnings or general messages as a list in the Validation result window.

[[run-workflow]]
== Run Workflow

> If you want to test the created Workflow, click *Run Workflow* (image:play-icon.png[The Run Workflow icon, 2%, 2%]) to generate, or update, the script file from the currently active project. The script executes automatically after its creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the created Workflow, click *Run Workflow* (image:play-icon.png[The Run Workflow icon, 2%, 2%]) to generate or update the script file from the currently active project. The script executes automatically after its creation.
```

When you start a Workflow from within RPA Builder, the workflow runs in design mode so you can already test whether the Workflow behaves as expected or still needs modifications before the production phase.

> The STC Guard module does not execute if an error occurs. Thus no windows are closed. The Clear screen Action Step does not execute in design mode either.

Reviewer: Suggestion to tie this sentence in with the next one:

The STC Guard module does not execute in design mode if an error occurs.

[[debug-workflow]]
== Debug Workflow

> With the *Debug Workflow* (image:debug-icon.png[The Debug Workflow icon, 2%, 2%]) button, you can start a debug run of the active Workflow project. The Workflow Debugger automatically starts if you have set break points in your Workflow or if any error occurs during the debug run. Here you can make changes to Workflow elements and retry certain Action Steps or complete Transactions until they are working properly. Then, you can continue to execute the Workflow from the current position without having to start the debug run at the beginning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the *Debug Workflow* (image:debug-icon.png[The Debug Workflow icon, 2%, 2%]) button, you can start a debug run of the active Workflow project. The Workflow Debugger automatically starts if you have set break points in your Workflow or if any error occurs during the debug run. Here you can make changes to Workflow elements and retry certain Action Steps or complete Transactions until they work properly. Then, you can continue to execute the Workflow from the current position without having to start the debug run at the beginning.
```

// For more information about the Workflow Debugger see Using Workflow Debuger(5.3).

[[print-workflow]]
== Print
You can document a Workflow project by clicking *Print Workflow* (image:print-icon.png[The Print icon, 2%, 2%]), which opens the printing function and displays a Print Preview:

image:print-preview.png[The print Workflow preview]

The resulting document shows the steps the Workflow executes during a run, together with the most important settings.

> At the beginning of the window Print Preview there is a menu for further processing the Workflow Print.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the beginning of the window Print Preview, there is a menu for further processing the Workflow Print.
```

image:print-menu.png[The Print Workflow menu]

* *Print...*
+
Opens a window for starting the print of the Workflow.
* *Page Setup...*
+
Opens a window for setting the page format and margins for the print or export of the Workflow.
+

> RPA Builder saves the changes in settings of *Page Setup...* according to your configuration for all users in common or for every user separately and uses these settings for the Workflow Run Protocol and for the Print of a Workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RPA Builder saves the changes in the *Page Setup...* settings according to your configuration for all users in common or for every user separately. It then uses these settings for the Workflow Run Protocol and the Print of a Workflow.
```

* *First Page*
+
Shows the first page.
* *Previous Page*
+
Shows the previous page.
* *Next Page*
+
Shows the next page.
* *Last Page*
+
Shows the last page.
* *Zoom Out*
+
Reduces the size of the view by 25%, so that more of the page is visible on screen.
* *Zoom*
+

> Sets the size of the view to a certain percentage of the original size or to the whole width of the screen or so that a whole page fits on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the size of the view to a certain percentage of the original size, to the whole width of the screen, or so that a whole page fits on the screen.
```

* *Zoom In*
+
Increases the size of the view by 25% at a time.
* *Export...*
+

> Opens a window for choosing the file format and a folder for saving to as well as further settings for the export of the print. Allowed formats are PDF, HTML and RTF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opens a window for choosing the file format and folder to save to, as well as for configuring additional settings for the print export. Allowed formats are PDF, HTML, and RTF.
```

* *Send...*
+

> Opens a window for choosing the settings for the export of the print as PDF or RTF. The file is attached to an Email automatically after saving.

Reviewer: ...choosing whether to export the print in PDF or RTF format.

+
For the option *Send...*, an Outlook Email profile configured on the computer is required.
//* *Thumbnails*

> //* *Search* opens a search panel at the lower border of the menu, into which a search expression can be entered. The search can be executed case-sensitive or be restricted to whole words. After pressing the key Enter the first found search result is colored blue. With the buttons Previous resp. Next you can jump to the previous resp. next result. Close closes the search panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//* *Search* opens a search panel at the lower border of the menu, into which a search expression can be entered. The search can be case-sensitive or restricted to whole words. After pressing the Enter key, the first found search result is colored blue. With the buttons Previous resp. Next, you can jump to the previous resp. next result. Close closes the search panel.
```

Reviewer: Can these key names be in bold or italics? It is hard to tell what are the names of keys vs regular text.

* *Watermark*
+

> Opens a window, in which you can specify a text or an image to use as water mark on the print.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opens a window in which you can specify text or an image to use as watermark on the print.
```

+
//Image
* *Print Template Settings*
+

> Opens a window for choosing a logo for the print, the format of the page numbering and the scaling of text and images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opens a window for choosing a logo for the print, the format of the page numbering, and the scaling of text and images.
```

+

> RPA Builder saves the changes in settings of *Print Template Settings* according to your configuration for all users in common or for every user separately and uses these settings for the Workflow Run Protocol and for the Print of a Workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RPA Builder saves the changes in the print template settings according to your configuration for all users in common or for every user separately. RPA Builder uses these settings for the Workflow Run Protocol and the Print of a Workflow.
```

= Workbench Toolbar Overview

> Next to the the Workbench tab bar is the Workbench toolbar, which enables you to perform different actions related to the Workflow and its elements.

Reviewer 3: Extra "the"
